it's nice day for a drive huh beautiful
day blue sky
large caliber weapons I love getting out
of the office you gonna need stitches
lucky for me I'll still need them
tomorrow
next week the president's adding drug
cartels to the list of terrorist
organizations you want to see this thing
through I'm gonna have to get dirty you
gonna help us fought a war with hope
everyone
they need Blackhawks strike teams attack
drones or is it coop master truck you
have been kidding that your brother cuz
I don't want to kill the pool guy now
that we got the cartels at each other's
throats secret monkey
[Music]
good luck
boom badda Bing love there's only been
this side of the border
[Music]